hello youtube it should girl me viven
welcome back to my channel and it's
about that time for once again another
reaction video on a new trailer for the
get to work a special pack for the sims
4 now I did the scientists I did the
detective and I did the doctor trailer
if you guys want to go back on my
channel watch those as well but this is
the trailer that I've been waiting for
this whole time and this is the trailer
that goes more in depth about the retail
trailer in the retail aspect of the game
you being able to own your own business
and run it and make you some good ol
simoleons and I'm so excited to watch
this this is my first time I've been
waiting all day for it to come out
already i'm still we're bout to get into
it i'm watching it straight off their
youtube page once again if you guys want
to watch the trailer right off their
page their YouTube channel is
youtube.com slash distance and oh my god
I'm ready I'm ready it just came out not
too long ago and here we go rated teen
as usual in the sims 4 get to work so
i'm guessing i'm already pausing already
a lot of people say i pause too much I
don't think so I'm not pausing every
second but this is the new neighborhood
called the promenade not the promenade
the Magnolia promenade same thing but
this way that I look like of course it's
like the inner city of Willow Creek but
yeah that's let's keep uncle Rick
expansion pack you can create any type
of retail business you want you can
create and every tabular hood that's the
perfect place to take a look at the game
play around building and run looks so
good at the way for this get torts so as
you can see they made kind of like an
electronic store which is good cuz
electronics cost like the most money and
a bag catalog so uh yeah it's really
cute I'm retail lots you can build and
manage stores your Sims can sell
anything from the BI catalog and items
they collect or craft so you can sell
anything in a bed category whorebag
catalog in the game and you've also sell
anything that you're
Sims can create or craft themselves such
as the wood I'm working craft that they
could create with a little woodworking
table and other things like that in
paintings and stuff like that you can
build a boutique here you can customize
ok so this is the boutique this is what
I want to do in my sims 4 let's play
with me and Chris I want to own my own
clothing shop because these town needs
be looking a hot mess and I need to help
them get their fashion game up that's my
only point of wanting to make us do
clothing store in fashion sense and they
can get dressed right off the mannequins
it looks really really good happy about
that at this bakery we've so this is the
bakery it looks really cool really cool
really cool out of the kitchen here in
the basement wait what oh my god are you
telling me right now they said they edit
a kitchen and the basement keyword the
basement that mean basements are back
I'm guessing that you could now create
basements for any place or any lower
anywhere hopefully so excited about
basements then add on an extra level to
your you know your Lots I like that I
like that the perfect spot to show the
new baking skill and oh they have really
nice little bit you could make like
brizzle this looks really good you can
make like low for breads and stuff but
what I want to know also is can you just
like do regular cooking instead of
baking and sale you know meals that cuz
I want to kind of do a restaurant but
it's not gonna be like a surface of a
restaurant but I want to know if you
could just cook regular meals and sell
them as well you can build a photography
studio other stuff you could build your
own light so have you want to store to
look like I'm not a builder so imma be
looking for people to build me stuff all
the time so this is a screenshot that's
all on Twitter's you could make your own
photography studio deaths of first in
The Sims ever choose a backdrop choose
models like this is so add up it's like
a real photography studio you could
choose your background you using the
camera that comes along with the new
photography skill I believe it look at
this like you even have options to pick
different filters oh my god this is
really cool i definitely want to do this
then look out all the different type of
pictures you could take it's like so
realistic like oh good I knew I wanted
to see this trailer for reason this has
to be the best trailer it has to be I
definitely want to like open up a photo
of photography a photography studio my
god can cause a cassette of pictures
before opening a business you can hire
employees choose their uniforms so you
could hire employees and choose their
uniforms which is a really good thing
because I when I make my clothing store
you got been looking up the part as well
not just me and I feel like I think once
things go out of stock like that then
you have to restock that's what it looks
like it's showing as your sales team
gains experience and you have to make
sales of course they convince the
consumers to buy your product a stir and
easier and they would get better over
time longer a business you'll be
rewarded with perk points you get per
point to improve the business savvy of
your sims so perk points I don't know
exactly how I work but said that it
helps improve the business savvy of your
sins I guess gonna see that when I have
been breaking in the simoleons in the
sims 4 get to it I think that's about it
oh my god like this has to be the best
trailer I can't wait to open loving my
clothing store I can't wait to do that
photography thing we're gonna stop right
here oh my god it's just so much I'm
words cannot explain a how excited I am
what I'm looking forward to the most is
just the whole thing obviously I can't
wait to do my clothing store and get
that up in pop a guy get these townies
looking good you know I'm excited about
basements returning if basements are
returning as you could now add on a
basement or creative basement when
you're building I'm excited about the
photography skill going that more in
depth and then just the detective career
and you're able to use it to open up a
photography studio oh my god this has to
be like the best trailer in April is
getting closer but it's still far away
oh my god let me know what you guys
think about this trailer down in the
comments section below in case you guys
didn't know tomorrow some fellow simmers
they have been invited to go out to the
so it's for studio andrea was california
the plague get to work early and they
should be traveling there today so I
wish other you guys a safe trip and
hopefully you get there safely and have
a lot of fun I know they're able to take
a few screenshots of their gameplay when
they get to play but they can't record
any videos where they get 2x questions
and questioning get the Guru's but they
can't release any of that information
until friday i believe so i'll be
watching all those videos to know more
information about to get to work in
spanish attack I guess the alien trailer
would be next I don't know I'm just very
stoked and happy and ready for the
expansion pack oh my god i'm bout to go
like scream and watch this trailer over
and over and over and over so yeah like
this video up if you haven't already and
subscribe to my channel if you're new
follow all those links down below
hopefully this video is too long and you
guys are so excited like I am but yeah
thank you guys so much for watching my
name is vini juicy
you